[REVIEW] Symbolic Regression/Classification C/C++ (#3638)
rapidsai/cuml: cpp/examples/symreg/README.md

# symbolic regression

> This subfolder contains an example on how to use cuML kmeans from C++ application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subfolder contains an example on how to use cuML Symbolic Regression from C++ application
```
minor nitpick
